Hello, hello, hello, and welcome to a special
episode of English Learning for Curious Minds by Leonardo English.
I'm Alastair Budge.
I'm saying that this is a special episode because I have an announcement and some exciting news.
Before I say exactly what is happening, I just wanted to update you on how things are
going at the English learning for curious minds podcast since we started last year.
This is now the 54th episode that we have released and the podcast has
been listened to by curious minds from all over the world, 154 countries to be precise.
This year alone, we have had almost a hundred thousand
downloads, which is way, way more than I had ever thought.
And to each and every one of you that has listened to the show I am very grateful.
Normally, the way things work for podcasts is that they accept
a sponsor who then pays to fill each episode with adverts.
That is the normal route, but I would prefer to not go that way.
Instead, I would love for this podcast to be supported by its members, its listeners,
the people who really get value from it, the curious minds from all over the
world who believe that there is a more interesting way to improve their English.
People like you.
I also realise that for a lot of you, you just want to listen.
You listen to the podcast while you are doing something
else, and having the transcript and key vocabulary isn't
necessarily something that fits in with how you want to listen to the podcast.
So what we have done is launched a new, more
affordable version of membership called the Listener membership.
What this means is that you can listen to every single episode, and you'll get access to
two new ones a week for just five euros a month when you pay per year, so 60 euros per year.
As a way of celebrating launching this, we've also done something
even better, which is that until May the 10th, which is this coming Sunday,
you can get this for four euros a month if you take it on the annual plan.
But you have to use the code April4 so A P R I L four and
that gets you 20% off, so it gets you the membership for four euros a month.
But be quick, we are limiting this to the first 50 members to use the code.
So go and check that out, it is at leonardoenglish.com/subscribe.
From now on, you will need to be a Listener member to get access to all of
the episodes, so that's our back catalogue and the two new ones that come out every week.
We will continue to release one episode a week to non-members, so if you
are happy with just one, then that is fine, life continues as normal.
But that is not the most exciting news, not at all.
The reason that I do this podcast is because of you, the listeners
and members of Leonardo English, and today we are
announcing two new ways for you to be involved, for you to participate.
Firstly, I want to make podcasts about things that you want to listen to.
And so as a member of Leonardo English, you can now request topics.
You can give your own ideas, and I and the team will make podcast episodes about them.
That might sound mad, but if you want to listen to an episode on black holes or
the rise of The Beatles or a history of bottled water, then just request it and we will make it.
And secondly, we are going to do monthly Q&A sessions, question and
answer sessions, which will give you the chance to ask me questions.
We will discuss interesting topics and of course you will get
the chance to practice your English with other curious minds.
It is going to be a lot of fun and I think it's going to be very useful as well.
Again, you need to be a member of Leonardo English to request topics and to participate in
the Q&A's, but these are both things that I am super excited about and I hope you will be too.
Things are changing, but they are most definitely getting better.
So should you become a member?
Obviously it's up to you.
But if you have enjoyed these episodes, you want unlimited access to
everything, plus the chance to be a founding part of a thriving
community of curious minds and you support our mission of making a more
interesting way to improve your English, then I would love to welcome you.
The link to go to is Leonardoenglish.com/subscribe.
And just as a final reminder, and my wife told me I was mad to do this, but I'm doing it anyway.
It is just four euros a month or 48 euros a year for the first
50 people, or until may the 10th, you just need to use the code.
April4 A P R I L then the number four when you sign up.
Do that today and you will get immediate access to everything, including
today's member only episode, which is all about the British Royal family.
It was quite a fun one to make.
So again, the link to go to is Leonardoenglish.com/subscribe.
You've been listening to English Learning For Curious Minds by Leonardo English.
I'm Alastair Budge, you stay safe and I very much hope to welcome you as a member soon.